well it's the second day of worlds
groups I'm joined right now by Keane as
well as Steve who's gonna help translate
with coverage presented by you Gigi so
keen
I know unfortunate loss for you how's
the team taking the loss today so I just
do keeping Angelo I work because eating
Africa fixed-income chair does some
takata's hell Oh team Korea not happy on
matters of who believe and play with
other rookies susu on got you so he's
feeling second no it's not great right
now I'm feels like during the match up
it was like a lot of the calls were just
they were made well and that's where a
lot of our mistakes came from if I could
ask what was the reasoning with the
Akali pick especially knowing flash
holes micro Visayan like they did
yesterday so a career where popinjay
quickly flash webs g oj do christian or
open endure christian busan tyranny we
say I care so much about my own a TD of
core imagine amateur bouts of towers and
hidden the champion go to literally
since they picked I said we we just need
to pick up Kaiser and I will have no
issue just getting getting getting there
to clean up house but apparently it was
harder than I thought now yesterday I
interviewed spirit and I know this is
maybe a tough day for you but he didn't
mention that he feels as though you are
the best player at all of worlds so what
would you say about spirits comments
about you oh yeah okay spirits on sort
of interviewed her and Chris Pearson so
clicking so guys using you know the cop
their coach head a on some pseudo go
creaky I guess crystal oh yeah as you
grow to copy a so we can supercharge her
and soon Sarah will
Oh Jay Tae Yong Yong can contribute
Emily chromatin Goku you know some
sashimi right I'm getting a lot here
spirit really like looks out for me and
so I think he's just tossing toss me a
bone
i he also mentioned that he feels like
you have a relaxing or calming effect on
the team and that your presence is just
very calming for the team is that
something you try to do or what do you
think of his comments their spirits Oh
God kim sung-soo got a cookie
Tim cha cha so can keep on the return
pretty cool I'm gonna get couldn't go to
his nagakura so crystal keinosuke be
this a game this little honeycomb Yankee
my hungry Timoney keep on Giovanna Amati
definitely he feels experts right like
when you in the games he's just focusing
on what he needs to do and just making
sure the rest of team does as well now I
know it's a tough couple of losses what
do you think of freakish chances are for
the rest of group stage even Creech is
you want actually
to gauge - now Chris a ebon edge tie now
your Africa fixed right now we go on the
jungle to cry mr. ko chiisana tantei a
genome a single arezzo there it was our
fun and intercourse to me that so first
just we gonna focus on the mattress
tomorrow and if you Windows definitely
probably have a good shot is there
anything that you would say to any of
your Western fans out there
sorry contender hunter Seoul Busan hi
Mary sale okay Polly Trojan the sort of
talk about you go home on agenda
Americans Audrey were approached
abandoned want a three meter on Samhita
fraud you guys are really far away
just thank you for finding like
searching me out like we looking for
like yeah following me and in supporting
me all this way and I look forward to
all the support you guys continue to
give me thank you so much keen for the
interview then you see for translating
for everyone else you can check out the
rest my courage of all things worlds
right here on my youtube channel you
know what's interesting about vending
machines it just makes me think a lot
about the choices that we make in our
life you know you're you're presented
with an option where you put some sort
of resource in and then you're able to
acquire something and there's just rows
and rows it's just it's so similar life
the different selections that you can
make it also kind of reminds me of
champion select and you're never sure if
you're gonna be able to make the right
selection here but you could be sure you
never make the wrong selection and
champion select if you use you gg our
sponsor that's right you just click that
link below the video you go over there
you type in a champion name you'll learn
all about them you'll never lose champ
select again and then you'll just be
venturing out wins like you could just
put some money in a machine and that you
get the win so this is you GG it's free
they're our sponsor support them